Docs: support only one authorization header in the BasicAuth config (#9026)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/enterprise/options/extauth/v1/extauth.proto.sk.md

---
### BasicAuth

 

> This is the legacy/simple basic auth config. It supports the APR and SHA-1 hashing algorithms.
> When using this config only one `Authorization` header can be passed. This means that this config cannot be used in
> conjunction with other configs that rely on the `Authorization` header as well.

Reviewer: Maybe provide what they should do in case of the conflict? how about:

```suggestion
This legacy basic auth config supports the APR and SHA-1 hashing algorithms.

When using basic auth, requests can pass only one `Authorization` header. You cannot use basic auth config in conjunction with other auth configs that rely on the `Authorization` header as well. In case of such a conflict, use a different type of auth config or configure a different header, such as `Auth`.
```
